hi everyone that Michael and I Patrick
and you're watching another episode of
Star Wars news and views today we'll be
discussing the first known easter egg I
guess at this point for the force
awakens just has to do with the origin
of Poe dameron's name and I we're just
trying to speculate on on where these
names came from the first person that I
think the name damron came from is
Morgan damron who was JJ Abrams personal
assistant on star trek into darkness
which I they probably worked pretty
closely so he was doing it for her games
and he made that right before he came on
the Star Wars yeah so that's a pretty
big coincidence like I'm sure it's not a
coincidence yeah plus I like at this
point they're probably pretty close so
he was kind of doing her a favor and it
does have Star Wars bring to it anyways
he probably just like maybe he just
thought of all his close friends and
decided to choose one that had a really
close name yeah that's kind of the same
way like on the original trilogy George
Lucas would just come up with names just
based on things he saw like Han Solo he
got named solo from solo paper cups so
never drank a coffee at Starbucks you
look down to solo on the top yep that's
where Han Solo comes from that was the
inspiration of oh that's kind of cool
emily is that um so okay so that's where
davoren comes from so where's PO well I
mean obviously this is out and confirmed
but if you look at the credits on the
original 2009 Star Trek movie the
digital effects supervisor is named
Darren PO especially being a very
special effects heavy movie I'm sure he
didn't work pretty closely with him at
some points that so that's kind of
unusual that he worked with someone
named po and he working someone named
amarin it may not it may be that he was
really close to them I wanted to sort of
immortalize them or they just have that
oh that's kind of remember that PO got
heavy effects or I just looked at the
list of drastic credits and he's just
like that those two work together yeah
um so I know what you guys think do you
think there's anything to that I think
especially in terms of his assistant
that has to be yeah that one for sure
it's got
cool to see these Easter eggs happen
before the movie comes out as well
because usually we kind of figure out
these things afterwards or you know
someone say something in an interview
and you'll figure it out them but to
kind of have these this knowledge before
the movie comes out is pretty exciting
yeah an unusual I'll so leave your
feedback will you guys think is this
where Poe Dameron comes from um I don't
know I think so but we'll see so anyways
thanks for watching be sure to leave
comments leave your feedback a follow us
on Facebook because we're on there now
it's a good way for us to interact
directly with you in a more immediate
way than youTube allows so thanks for
watching and we'll see you next time
don't